Passion for Science
-------------------
As noted above I have a BSc and the required physics and mathematics prerequisites: but more importantly I have had a lifelong passion for science. Dinosaurs, skeletons, and space as a toddler moved to electronics and computers through primary school. I built a wind generator out of a old car alternator when I was 12. Despite Dad's advice that 1300C wasn't hot enough I tried smelting alumina/chrome to create an artificial ruby laser in Dad's kiln when I was in first year high school. Puberty and surfing distracted for a few years but after getting married while studying at UWA I found my interest in science again. I did have a look at putting photovoltaics on my roof a few years ago but even with the government subsidy they wouldn't pay themselves off over their expected life. I now enjoy teaching science to my kids (who's minds are like little sponges). Together we visit scitech and museums, watch documentaries, play with kitchen chemistry, use microscopes and telescopes, build hot air balloons, gliders, and most recently rockets. I'm currently designing and building a miniature micro controller based flight computer to record various rocket flight parameters and operate a toy digital camera for aerial photography.

In addition to my study texts I've always read avidly. Books by Hawking, Dawkins, Feynman, and Azimov. In primary school in the 70's I read National Geographic and Electronics Australia; in the 80's I buried myself in Australian Personal Computer, New Scientist, and my wife's medical journals; I added ReNew, Owner Builder, and the treasure trove of the Internet in the last decade. 

Love for the Environment
------------------------
I have always had an interest in and love for the environment – camping, hiking, and surfing from when I was little to the present day. I grew up in the country (Dunsborough back when it was still rural) relying on our own veggies, chooks, and water bores. Our cooking, heating, and hot water was supplied by an old “Metters” wood stove. This has given me a good feel for the energy needs of a Australian rural family. I have also made several trips to rural Nepal and India and took a keen interest in the amazingly frugal and thorough use of resources in those countries too. It is interesting to see the similarities and differences between the rural needs and solutions between of the two cultures.

I commute using a pushbike and am interested in all forms of personal and community transport systems.

Why I Will be Successful
------------------------
My wife is a GP who understands the value of education and is very supportive of me going back to study part time. My children have just started full time schooling and are becoming more independent giving me time again to dedicate to study.

I have had a full and successful career in the computer industry since graduating in 1990. In 1994 I started my own consulting firm employing sales, technical staff, and subcontractors. We successfully won projects from government and private industry, completing them on time and within budget. I left this company two years ago and am now an independent contractor again giving me the work flexibility to dedicate an appropriate amount of effort to my studies.

I have looked through the course materials available on line and feel I have a good understanding of what is being covered and what is expected of me. I am keen, interested, and am confident I have the capabilities to succeed in this course.
